# Independent Writing
## General topics
1. Convenience
   - Save time
   - Flexible time
   - Short distance
   - Keep the schedule ahead
2. Health
   - Enough rest
   - Balanced nutrition
   - Body Exercise
   - Away from diseases
   - Relax
3. Security
   - Food safety
   - Physical Health safety
   - Property Safety
4. Success
   - Sense of achievement
   - Sense of honor
   - Achieve dreams
5. Morality
   - Honest
   - Independent
   - Diligence
   - Considerateness
6. Price
   - Cheap
   - Cost-effective
7. Feeling
   - Friendship
   - Family
   - Love

## Method

1.	因果论证

    A->F
    A->B->C->D->E->F（抽象）一定要严谨

    一定是单向因果论证，不要加逻辑分支

    举例子则在最后：
    A->B->C->D->E->F（具体）一定要具体

    Example:
    Because people in rural areas live together, they can take care of their families better. Unlike the people in urban areas, who live alone in their scanty flatlets because of the expensive price of apartments, people in rural areas can have more time to get in touch with families since they live together in a big house. Most of the time, when people have more time to spend with their family, they can know the health condition and the income condition of their families better. Therefore, they can help to solve the problems of their families once they find that their families are in trouble. For example, my uncle Jack live with his family for 30 years. Each day after work, he and his family have dinner together and chat with each other about what’s new for them. Therefore, they know each other so well that even a small disease like inflammation can be known by the family. Once the mother of my uncle had a serious stomachache, but fortunately with the help in time of my uncle and my uncle’s wife, she finally recovered without danger. 
    
2. 因果关系连接词：
    1.	Accordingly
    2.	In this case
    3.	As a result
    4.	Consequently
    5.	Therefore
    6.	Thus
    7.	So
    8.	Thereby

## Time management

5min(2min开头段+3min构思)+12min（主体段）*2+1min（结尾段/检查）



